[IMP] accounting: update doc about Sepa Direct Debit batch payments (#670)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/receivables/customer_payments/batch_sdd.rst

start running the mandate.

.. important::
   Make sure that the **IBAN bank accounts details** are correctly recorded on the debtor’s contact
   form, under the *Accounting* tab, and in your own :doc:`Bank Account
   <../../bank/setup/bank_accounts>` settings.

SEPA Direct Debit as a Payment Method
-------------------------------------

SEPA Direct Debit can be used as a payment method both on your **eCommerce** or on the **Customer
Portal** by activating SDD as a **Payment Acquirer**. With this method, your customers can create
and sign their mandates themselves.

To do so, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Payment Acquirers`, click on *SEPA
Direct Debit*, and set it up according to your needs.

.. important::
   Make sure to change the **State** field to *Enabled*, and to check **Online Signature**, as this
   is necessary to let your customers sign their mandates.

Customers using SDD as payment method get prompted to add their IBAN, email address, and to sign
their SEPA Direct Debit mandate.

.. todo::
   Add link to future **Payment Acquirer** documentation.

Close or revoke a mandate 
-------------------------

> Direct Debit mandates are closed automatically after their *End Date*.  If this field is left blank,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct Debit mandates are closed automatically after their *End Date*. If this field is left blank,
```

> then the mandate keeps being *Active* until it is *Closed* or *Revoked*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the mandate keeps being *Active* until it is *Closed* or *Revoked*.
```

.. image:: media/batch-sdd-revoke-close.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Close or Revoke an SDD Mandate in Odoo Accounting

Clicking on **Close** updates the mandate’s end day to the current day. This means that invoices

> made after the present day won’t be processed with an SDD payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issued after the present day will not be processed with an SDD payment.
```

Clicking on **Revoke** disables the mandate immediately. No SDD payment can be registered anymore,
regardless of the invoice’s date. However, payments that have already been registered are still
included in the next SDD XML file.

.. warning::
   Once a mandate has been *closed* or *revoked*, it cannot be reactivated.

Get paid with SDD Batch Payments
================================

Customer Invoices 
-----------------

You can register SDD payments for invoices issued to customers who have an active SDD mandate.

To do so, open the invoice, click on *Register Payment*, and choose *SEPA Direct Debit* as payment
method.

.. note::
   In previous versions, Odoo used SDD payment as the default payment for all customers with an
   active mandate. Your customers can still activate automatic SDD for their subscriptions with a
   recurring payment.

Generate SEPA Direct Debit XML files to submit payments
-------------------------------------------------------

> **XML files** with all SDD payment instructions can be uploaded to your bank institution to process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**XML files** with all SDD payment instructions can be uploaded to your bank account to process
```

Author: it's not really uploaded to an account. I'll find another word. Thanks though :)

all payments at once.

.. note::
   The files generated by Odoo follow the SEPA Direct Debit **PAIN.008.001.02** specifications, as
   required by the SEPA customer-to-bank Implementation Guidelines, which ensures compatibility with
   the banks.

To generate your XML file for the pending SDD payments, go to the related *bank journal* on your
*Accounting dashboard*, then click on *Direct Debit Payments to Collect*.

.. image:: media/batch-sdd-collect.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Start the SDD payments collection in Odoo Accounting

> Select all the payments in the list that you want to include in your SDD XML file, then click on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select all the payments you want to include in your SDD XML file, then click on
```

*Action* and select *Create Batch Payment*.

.. image:: media/batch-sdd-batch.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Create a batch payment with all the SDD payments in Odoo Accounting

Odoo then takes you to your *Batch Payment*’s form. Click on *Validate* and download the SDD XML
file.

.. image:: media/batch-sdd-xml.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Generate an XML file for your SDD payments in Odoo Accounting

> Finally, upload this file to your bank institution to process the payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, upload this file to your bank account to process the payments.
```
